Hi everyone!
In this video we will learn how to modify strings.
Python has a set of building methods that you can use on strings.
The upper method returns the string in uppercase.
The lower method returns the string in lowercase.
The strip method removes any white space from the beginning or the end.
The weight space is the space at the begin and at the end of any string.
Here in this example, we have a space before and after the string.
Hello world!
After the executing of the method, the result it will be like that.
The space will be removed from the beginning and the end of the string.
The replace method replaces a string with another string.
In this example, we will replace the first letter h by the letter j.
Also, we have the split method.
The split method splits the string into substring.
If it finds an instance of the separator, we split the string by that in the separator?
In this example the separator is the comma.
The result here it will be two substrings hello and world.
Let's go to PyCharm and execute some examples.
The first method upper return string on uppercase.
All the string in uppercase.
The method lower return string on lowercase.
We have also the method remove the weight space any space at the beginning and at the end of the word.
At the end of the string.
Here is a string without a weight space.
We have the method replace also to replace a string by another string.
Here we replace the first letter h by the letter j.
We have the split method Use it to split the string based in a separator.
In this example, the separator is the comma.
The result it will be two substrings.
For example, if we add another separator.
Let's execute the code again.
We have a list from four items for substring based in the separator.
When execute the code in this example without any separator, the result it will be all the string.
Hello world!
We can make another separator like that.
Let's execute the code again.
The result it will be two substrings.
The first hello and the second word.
And that's it for this video.